a1 - Space Dye Volume Puff Sleeve Sweatshirt

Lounge around in style with this pink space dye sweatshirt - loose and comfortable, 
it's an at-home must-have that looks just as good with a pair of jeans. Voluminous puff sleeves make for the finishing flourish.


b1  -Long Sleeve Twin Pocket Shirt

Go for classic style with this long-sleeved charcoal shirt. Made from 100% cotton, it comes with twin chest pockets and a soft peached finish for maximum comfort.
 Try it with mid-wash denim for an effortless look on your next night out.



c1 - Slim Fit Stretch Check Oxford Shirt
Go for classic colours with this long-sleeved Oxford shirt in a blue check print. This shirt comes in a stylish slim fit with added stretch for all-day comfort and is finished with a buttoned collar and our signature dragonfly embroidery to the chest.
 Easy to team with denim and chinos, it's a smart-casual staple that's great for weekend wear and nights out.



d1  - Long Sleeve Floral Shirt
Add dapper prints to your weekend rotation with this long-sleeved shirt. 
Made from soft cotton in a stylish slim fit, it comes with a bold floral print that's ideal for teaming with your favourite chinos for smart evening wear. 



e1  -  Stretch Slim Fit Jeans

A staple for every man's wardrobe, these green wash denim jeans are extremely versatile and can be easily dressed up or down. 
Carrying a slim fit through the leg, they have been crafted with added stretch so you never have to sacrifice comfort for style.
 Practical functions include a zip fly and single button fastening, alongside five pockets to hold your essentials.


f4  -  Stretch Slim Fit Jeans

A staple for every man's wardrobe, these mid-wash blue denim jeans are ultra versatile and easy to dress up or down.
 In a slim fit, they've been crafted with added stretch so you never have to sacrifice comfort for style. 
Practical functions include a zip fly and single button fastening, alongside five pockets to hold your essentials.


g1  -  Stripe Collar Polo Shirt

Looking for a smart-casual style fix? From weekend wear to nights out, this short-sleeved polo won't let you down. 
In burgundy, it comes with sporty stripe detailing to the collar and sleeves, plus our dragonfly chest embroidery for a signature finishing touch.
 Try it with mid-wash jeans or smarten up the look with chinos. It's a real all-rounder!


h1  -  Navy Long Sleeve Floral Print Blouse

A chic option for work or play, this long-sleeved blouse comes in navy blue with elasticated cuffs and ruffle detailing for an added touch of glam.
 Finished in a pretty floral print, it's easy to dress down with jeans or smarten up with tailored trousers and a pair of heels when you're heading out for the evening.



i1  -  Red Gingerbread Man Christmas Shirt

Look extra festive on those video calls this year thanks to this printed blouse - in red, it's got an all-over gingerbread man print for that dose of Christmas cute.
 Whether you wear it with jeans or leggings, it's a real winner.



j1  -  Black Short Sleeve Reindeer Print Christmas Blouse
Get right into the festive spirit with this fun printed blouse - whether you're showing it off on a video call or taking it on the trip to the pub, it'll help make Christmas that little bit more cute.
 In black, the boxy short sleeved top is finished with an all-over polka dot and reindeer print.
